OSSM-6579: SM 3.0 Document RevisionBased update workflow (#76124)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ossm-performing-revisionbased-update.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: Procedure
[id="performing-revisionbased-update"]
= Performing RevisionBased update
:context: ossm-performing-revisionbased-update

> When updating {istio} using the `RvisionBased` strategy, you increment by more than one minor version at a time. 

Author: ```suggestion
When updating {istio} using the `RevisionBased` strategy, you may increment by more than one minor version at a time. 
```

Author: done

> When updating {istio} using the `RvisionBased` strategy, you may increment by more than one minor version at a time because the existing sidecars do not automatically connect to the new revision of the control plane. Instead, you must manually move the workloads to the new control plane. 

Reviewer: Typo in RvisionBased

Author: done

.Prerequisites

* You have installed the Sail Operator, and deployed {istio}.

.Procedure

. Change the version in the {istio} resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Istio
spec:
  version: 1.20.2
  updateStrategy: 
    type: RevisionBased
----
+

> The Sail operator deploys a new version of the control plane alongside the old version of the control plane. The sidecars remain connected to the old control plane.

Author: ```suggestion
The OSSM operator deploys a new version of the control plane alongside the old version of the control plane. The sidecars remain connected to the old control plane.
```

Author: done
